I saw weapons that the United States has never used before. They are about to use them.
They are going to use weapons that our country has never used before in battle.
Maybe we've practiced with them, but we've never used them in battle against any foreign adversary.
The men jumped out of the cars with these guns that I've never seen before. When they pulled the trigger, it was like a pulse.
It was some kind of riot control that knocked you unconscious for a couple of minutes.
They just pointed the thing in the direction they wanted it to go, and as soon as that beam hit that individual, it knocked them unconscious. There was no running away.
It was on the Hummers and on the men; they would just go and scan the people as they were running, and people would just fall out like they're passing out.
A new weapon that we've never seen before—nuclear weapons are a thing of the past.
That may sound like, 'Boy, I don't know about that,'but I'm telling you all, technological advancements have surpassed nuclear energy.
I'm telling you, we're on the verge of a new industrial revolution.
There are these new weapons and things we've never seen before that will become public, which they've been working on behind closed doors for probably decades.
Who knows? I saw new military technology that doesn't exist to the public yet—things that are top secret, I believe.
The Lord showed me things in military bases; the Lord showed me deep things.
I saw time travel through portals and AI. I don't know how else to describe to y'all what I saw. It was so out there.
I told my son, 'I'll do my best to draw you a picture of what I saw, but the only thing I can tell you is the movie Stargate.'That was some of the stuff I was looking at, and I thought, 'When is this happening?
How did this happen? Is this further in the future?'I don't know if this is something that's actually happening right now.
So all of a sudden, near the Belarus area by Warsaw, Poland, I saw a humongous mushroom cloud kind of an explosion.
I said during this visitation when I was seeing all this in the spirit, 'Lord, oh no, they're going to use tactical nukes.'And the Lord said, 'No, this is a weapon that has never been used before, ever on the Earth.
We've never seen this.'Everything within a 50-mile radius or bigger—the blast zone was huge—it vaporized everything.
Everything disintegrated, but it didn't destroy the buildings. It was a wicked weapon.
I saw an AI race and the Lord said, 'Because of the Biden administration, you're behind China.'I saw China making new kinds of drones, but these were not drones in the sky; they were drones for the battlefield so they would not have to bring their soldiers out, so they would have drone wars.
I saw a circle that looked like the alien from the movie Alien—the demonic movie from back then. It had the alien with the long, evil-looking face.
I don't like to reference that, but it's the only thing I can say; I've seen the pictures of the alien head. That's what this drone looked like.
They had.50-caliber guns with tracks and were using drone warfare for battle, and China was—there it is, the alien!
Do you see that? That's the way the shield looked on this drone. Now take it off; I don't want to look at it.
I keep seeing these rooms with supercomputers—major computers—and the Lord said the information is coming to them so quickly through AI that they can't even translate it fast enough with a human mind.
They can type in what they're wanting to know about. What we have with ChatGPT and Gemini is yesterday's stuff; it's no good.
The Lord said they have new technology so advanced that it's going to take AI to translate it for their minds to try to comprehend what the computer's saying.
AI will have to translate the AI; that's how advanced the technology has become.
There are cures for cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and dementia.
People go, 'Well, yeah, it's Ivermectin.'No, it's something more than Ivermectin; this is something more advanced.
But the Lord said he was bringing forth new cures and new things that would go alongside the fact that people would trust AI in the days ahead. What did I tell you was behind AI?
There was a massive demon embedded into the computers you're talking to that had digital writing, and the demon was taking over the AI with the moving digital code.
It had horns on its head; I saw it. It was embedded into this mainframe of a major computer, but it was a dimension all in itself.
AI is a dimension all in itself when it comes to the level of technological advancement that it is. It's endless.
And the Lord showed me people putting in these codes through CERN and these demonic portals; you're talking to a demonic spirit.
That's why I try to warn you all: should you use AI, the Lord said, 'Harness it, Brandon; don't embrace it.'You'll not be able to get around not using it, for it is the future.
I saw CERN sites being built all around the world. People were trying to copy what's happening in Switzerland.
They were doing a massive one in China and I saw one in America.
But when they do this, something actually happens. I saw a black portal that was created like Stargate.
It was really thin, probably about three or four feet, and it looked like a black circle you could reach through as a dimension.
You could see the black line like a donut around it, and inside it was alive—this black particle.
It looked like some kind of demonic portal that they had created with the Hadron Collider.
They were getting information from that black portal. It was very dark and demonic because it was like a black hole.
You could stick your hand in it and go to the other side. Like I said, I don't understand all of it, but I'm telling you what I saw in this. The Lord showed me them playing around with dark stuff.